openURL|$url
verifyText|From the CTools Team
click|Login

verifyText|You are connecting to a U-M website that requires authentication.
enterText|login|qainst
enterText|password|sswelvalpanklidS$

click|doLogin
verifyText|From the CTools Team
verifyText|Welcome to your personal workspace

click|$site
verifyText|Site Information Display
verifyText|viewing announcements from the last 10 days

click|Test Center
verifyText|Assessments
verifyText|No Assessments are defined

click|Question Pools
verifyText|Question Pools
verifyText|Combine
verifyText|Test Pool

click|Test Pool
verifyText|Edit Pool Properties
verifyText|Point Value: 105.0

comment|Verify First Question
click|Choose the correct answer
verifyText|Pool: Test Pool
verifyText|Feedback
verifyValue|mneme:MultipleChoice|true

comment|Verify Second Question
click|Next
verifyText|Pool: Test Pool
verifyText|Feedback
verifyValue|mneme:TrueFalse|true

comment|Verify Third Question
click|Next
verifyText|Pool: Test Pool
verifyText|Feedback
verifyValue|mneme:Essay|true

comment|Verify Fourth Question
click|Next
verifyText|Pool: Test Pool
verifyText|Feedback
verifyValue|mneme:FillBlanks|true
verifyValue|Case Sensitive|true
selectCheckbox|Case Sensitive

click|Done
verifyText|Question Pools
verifyText|Test Pool
verifyText|Difficulty Level: 2

click|Logout
verifyText|You are about to log out

click|Log Out
verifyText|From the CTools Team
verifyText|Welcome

